Fix/opt out of rendering (#22)
Kentico/xperience-by-kentico-tag-manager: README.md

       - Top of the body - inserts a script immediately after the opening body tag.
       - Bottom of the body - inserts a script right before the closing body tag.
   - Fill in a consent if required.

>    - Select whether you want to display tags in the Xperience administration preview or pagebuilder, or both. This option defaults to None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Select whether you want to display tags in the Xperience administration preview or Page Builder, or both. This option defaults to None.
```
